README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/SuteraVR/SuteraVR/assets/61668366/c73c4885-7589-4edd-864c-156da428312b" width=300>

**the distributed metaverse platform:**<br>**makes your precious worlds and avatars independent of any specific service!**

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-v1.74.0 stable-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Godot Engine-v4.2 .NET-478CBF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=godotengine">
<a href="https://discord.gg/pTjBHkVQbT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join-the community-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord"></a>

</div>

---

[日本語版はこちら](./READNE_JP.md)

## 🚨 Attention

This software is still in the **development phase** and has not yet been officially released.

## ✨ Design

- **Destributed & Decentralized**
  - You can create a bloom (commonly called an instance) that works as a metaverse platform: play with friends, share worlds and items. All blooms communicate with each other, and be able to access contents of other blooms.
- **Sandbox Enviroment**
  - Complete data processing within the sandbox environment. Prevent viruses and malicious scripts from executing and influencing the outside world.
- **SuteraVR SDK**
  - You can upload avatars/worlds/items, and attach functions as you like by coding.
- **Management of Permissions**

## 🌼 Name Origin

Are you worrying that "Sutera" is a misspelling of "Stella"?
The name comes from the Sutera flower of the Scrophulariaceae family, known as Bacopa.

Commit message:

separate to concept and design

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/SuteraVR/SuteraVR/assets/61668366/c73c4885-7589-4edd-864c-156da428312b" width=300>

**the distributed metaverse platform:**<br>**makes your precious worlds and avatars independent of any specific service!**

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-v1.74.0 stable-000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Godot Engine-v4.2 .NET-478CBF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=godotengine">
<a href="https://discord.gg/pTjBHkVQbT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join-the community-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord"></a>

</div>

---

[日本語版はこちら](./READNE_JP.md)

## 🚨 Attention

This software is still in the **development phase** and has not yet been officially released.

## 🧭 Concept

- **Distributed & Decentralized**
  - To make the metaverse as certain as reality, it must not become fragile things dependent on each company and platform. Virtual Reality, forever.
  - Heavily influenced by the Fediverse built by ActivityPub.

## ✨ Design

- **Bloom**
  - Bloom (commonly called an instance) works as an independent metaverse platform: play with friends, share worlds and items. All blooms communicate with each other, and be able to access contents of other blooms.
- **Sandbox Enviroment**
  - Complete data processing within the sandbox environment. Prevent viruses and malicious scripts from executing and influencing the outside world.
- **SuteraVR SDK**
  - You can upload avatars/worlds/items, and attach functions as you like by coding.
- **Management of Permissions**

## 🌼 Name Origin

Are you worrying that "Sutera" is a misspelling of "Stella"?
The name comes from the Sutera flower of the Scrophulariaceae family, known as Bacopa.
